Updating docs with section about unit tests (#16537)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: doc/dev/tests.md

* samples: runs all of the samples in the `samples` directory and verifies they are working correctly

## `devtools_testutils` Package

> The Azure SDK team has created some in house tools to help with easier testing. These additional tools are located in the `devtools_testutils` package that was installed with your `dev_requirements.txt`. In this package is the [`AzureTestCase`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/tools/azure-sdk-tools/devtools_testutils/azure_testcase.py#L98-L345) object which every test case object should inherit from. This management object takes care of creating and scrubbing recordings to make sure secrets are not added to the recordings files (and subsequently to the git history) and authenticating clients for test methods.

Reviewer: nit: line number should be 99-350?

```suggestion
The Azure SDK team has created some in house tools to help with easier testing. These additional tools are located in the `devtools_testutils` package that was installed with your `dev_requirements.txt`. In this package is the [`AzureTestCase`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/master/tools/azure-sdk-tools/devtools_testutils/azure_testcase.py#L99-L350) object which every test case object should inherit from. This management object takes care of creating and scrubbing recordings to make sure secrets are not added to the recordings files (and subsequently to the git history) and authenticating clients for test methods.
```

Your update should run smooth and have green dots representing passing tests. Now if you look at the contents of your `tests` directory there should be a new directory called `recording` with four `.yaml` files. Each `yaml` file is a recording for a single test. To run a test in playback mode change the `testsettings_local.cfg` to `live-mode: false` and rerun the tests with the same command. The test infrastructure will use the automatically created `.yaml` recordings to mock the HTTP traffic and run the tests.

## Functional vs. Unit Tests

> The test written above is a functional test, it generates HTTP traffic and sends data to the service. Most of our clients have some client-side validation for account names, formatting, or properties that do not generate HTTP traffic. For unit tests, the best practice is to have a separate test class from the `AzureTestCase` class which tests client side validation methods. For example, the `azure-data-tables` library has client-side validation for the table name and properties of the entity, below is an example of how these could be tested:

Reviewer 2: not really necessary, but might be useful to link to [`AzureTestCase`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/blob/ce3bfd5b961287dca2c2eb4769d428eec0585c0d/tools/azure-sdk-tools/devtools_testutils/azure_testcase.py) file here, or wherever it's first mentioned?

> The test written above is a functional test, it generates HTTP traffic and sends data to the service. Most of our clients have some client-side validation for account names, formatting, or properties that do not generate HTTP traffic. For unit tests, the best practice is to have a separate test class from the `AzureTestCase` class which tests client side validation methods. For example, the `azure-data-tables` library has client-side validation for the table name and properties of the entity, below is an example of how these could be tested:

Reviewer 3: PR content looks good. Out of my own curiosity is the recommendation to use unit test for validation checks so that we don't run through all the recording processor code?

Author: @kristapratico Yes that is the recommendation, the recording processor code has a hot-fix right now that I need to remove because of how it handles tests with no recordings.
